Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/python_wheel_poetry/README.md

# Python wheel with Poetry

> This example demonstrates how to use Poetry with a Declarative Automation Bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to use Poetry to build a whl.
```
